Custom input states for heuristic State Preparation Circuit (#734)
cda-tum/mqt-qecc: docs/StatePrep.md

# Fault tolerant state preparation of Pauli eigenstates for CSS codes

The QECC package contains functionality for synthesizing and simulating fault tolerant and non-fault tolerant state preparation circuits for Pauli eigenstates of CSS codes.

> Currently it supports synthesizing circuits for preparing the any logical state of the form $\{|s\rangle_L \mid s \in \{0,+\}^k\}$ of arbitrary $[[n,k,d]]$ CSS codes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, it supports synthesizing circuits for preparing any logical Pauli eigenstate of the form $\{|s\rangle_L \mid s \in \{0,+\}^k\}$ of arbitrary $[[n,k,d]]$ CSS codes.
```
